Field	Description	Notes
# Shared by many input records (https://wiki-ext.aps.anl.gov/epics/index.php/RRM_3-14_Common )
INP	Input Link	"This field is used by the device support routines to obtain input. For soft analog records it can be a constant, a database link, or a channel access link."
DTYP	Device Type	"DTYP specifies the name of the device support module that will input values. Each record type has its own set of device support routines. If a record type does not have any associated device support, DTYP is meaningless."
RVAL	Raw Value	"Whenever possible this field contains the raw data value exactly as it is obtained from the hardware or from the associated device driver and before it undergoes any conversions. The Soft Channel device support module reads values directly into VAL, bypassing this field."
VAL	Value	"This is the record's final value, after any needed conversions have been performed."
SIMM	Simulation Mode	"This field has either the value YES or NO. By setting this field to YES, the record can be switched into simulation mode of operation. While in simulation mode, input will be obtained from SIOL instead of INP."
SIML	Simulation Mode Location	"This field can be a constant, a database link, or a channel access link. If SIML is a database or channel access link, then SIMM is read from SIML. If SIML is a constant link then SIMM is initialized with the constant value but can be changed via dbPuts."
SVAL	Simulation Value	"This is the record's input value, in engineering units, when the record is switched into simulation mode, i.e. when SIMM is set to YES."
SIOL	Simulation Value Location	"This field can be a constant, a database link, or a channel access link. If SIOL is a database or channel access link, then SVAL is read from SIOL. If SIOL is a constant link then SVAL is initialized with the constant value but can be changed via dbPuts."
SIMS	Simulation Mode Alarm Severity	"When this record is in simulation mode, it will be put into alarm with this severity and a status of SIMM."
